Functional Requirements targeting the Portal (#58)
appuio/appuio-io-docs: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/references/functional-requirements.adoc

> = Functional Requirements
> 
> This page discusses functional requirements.
> It currently mainly targets the Control API and the {product} Portal.
> 
> == Feature: Authentication
> 
> > As a xref:references/glossary.adoc#_user[User] +

Reviewer: I think we should start out with separate pages right from the beginning, there will be more to come quite soon I guess.
Rename this file to /references/functional-requirements/portal.adoc
```suggestion
= Functional Requirements Targeting the Portal

This page discusses functional requirements targeting the Control API and the {product} Portal.

== Feature: Authentication

> As a xref:references/glossary.adoc#_user[User] +
```

> I want to only login once to the {product} ecosystem +
> So that I can use strong authentication methods and still get a good user experience

*Scenarios*

* Login
* Logout

== Feature: Manage Organizations

> As a xref:references/glossary.adoc#_user[User] +
> I want to manage organizations +
> So that I can group resources under it

*Scenarios*

* Create Organization
* List Organizations

> * Edit Organization

Reviewer: What's the scope of "editing"? Does editing include editing teams? Or just metadata like display name?
I think we should be a little bit more specific here as it can be easily misunderstood.

* Delete Organization
* Invite User to Organization
* Join Organization

== Feature: Manage Teams

> As an xref:references/glossary.adoc#_organization-owner[Organization Owner] +
> I want to manage teams in an organization +

> > So that I can group users under it for easier permission management

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> So that I can group users under it for easier access management
```

*Scenarios*

* Create Team
* List Teams
* Edit Team
* Delete Team
* Add User to Team

> * Remove User from Team

Reviewer: What's the difference between "Edit Team", "Add User to Team" and "Remove User From Team"?

Author: Clarified.

== Feature: Zones

> > As a xref:references/glossary.adoc#_user[User] +
> > I want to see all available {zone}s +
> > So that I know of them

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> As a xref:references/glossary.adoc#_user[User] +
> I want to see a list of all available {zone}s +
> So that I know the zone details
```

*Scenarios*

* List {zone}s

== Feature: Personal Settings per User

> As a xref:references/glossary.adoc#_user[User] +
> I want to configure my personal settings +
> So that I can have my defaults configured to my liking

*Scenarios*

> * Default Organization

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Define or override default Organization when creating new Projects
```
